# cts-image-watermarking-based-on-DWT
Image watermarking is a technique to authenticate the user files by embedding  and hiding digital code behind an image. For clearing the cheque rapidly, CTS is  used. The digital cheque images are transmitted through Internet. It is normally  considered that the system is safe and secure. But in practical, the intruders may  damage the quality of cheque image or duplicate the cheque image. In order to  maintain security and copyright protection, image watermarking is a powerful  technique for this purpose based on DWT &amp; DES. The proposed project  provides high robustness, effectiveness and imperceptible to the watermarked  image and achieves high PSNR value. In addition to this, it can also protect the  content even after decryption is done. An efficient digital watermark embedding algorithm for color image, which is  based on the discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and the spectral characteristics  of human vision system. Firstly, three color separations was performed for color  image, and color components of color image were transformed by DWT.  Secondly, the embedding position of the watermark was confirmed by  comparing the energy value of the low frequency sub-band in the transformed  blue component and green component. Thirdly, the watermark was made Arnold  Transform for encryption and was embedded in the color component with a  larger power. The simulation results showed that the embedded watermark had  good invisibility and robustness for the common image processing, such as  filtering, noise, especially compression and cropping
